{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs36\lang9 REFERENCES\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj  [1] A. Jain, L. Hong and S. Pankanti, \ldblquote Biometric identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Communications of the ACM, vol. 43, no. 2, pp. 90-98, 2000. \par
[2] R. Allen, P. Sankar and S. Prabhakar, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Fingerprint identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation technology,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Biometric Systems, pp. 22-61, 2005.\par
 [3] J. de Mira, H. Neto, E. Neves, et al., \f1\ldblquote\f0 Biometric-oriented Iris Identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation Based on Mathematical Morphology,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Journal of Signal Processing Systems, vol. 80, no. 2, pp. 181-195, 2015. \par
[4] S. Romdhani, V. Blanz and T. Vetter, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Face identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation by \f1\u-1279?\f0 tting a 3d morphable model using linear shape and texture error functions,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in European Conference on Computer Vision, pp. 3-19, 2002.\par
 [5] Y. Xiao, V. Rayi, B. Sun, X. Du, F. Hu, and M. Galloway, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A survey of key management schemes in wireless sensor networks,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Journal of Computer Communications, vol. 30, no. 11-12, pp. 2314-2341, 2007. \par
[6] X.Du,Y.Xiao,M.Guizani,andH.H.Chen,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Aneffectivekeymanagement scheme for heterogeneous sensor networks,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Ad Hoc Networks, vol. 5, no. 1, pp. 24-34, 2007.\par
 [7] X. Du and H. H. Chen, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Security in wireless sensor networks,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Wireless Communications Magazine, vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 60-66, 2008.\par
 [8] X.Hei,andX.Du,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Biometric-basedtwo-levelsecureaccesscontrolforimplantable medical devices during emergency,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2011, pp. 346-350, 2011.\par
 [9] X. Hei, X. Du, J. Wu, and F. Hu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Defending resource depletion attacks on implantablemedicaldevices,\f1\rdblquote\f0 inProc.ofIEEEGLOBECOM2010,pp.1-5, 2010.\par
 [10] M. Barni, T. Bianchi, D. Catalano, et al., \f1\ldblquote\f0 Privacy-preserving \f1\u-1279?\f0 ngercode authentication,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 12th ACM workshop on Multimedia and security, pp. 231-240, 2010.\par
 [11] M. Osadchy, B. Pinkas, A. Jarrous, et al., \f1\ldblquote\f0 SCiFI-a system for secure face identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation,\f1\rdblquote\f0 inSecurityandPrivacy(SP),2010IEEESymposiumon,pp. 239-254, 2010. \par
[12] D.Evans,Y.Huang,J.Katz,etal.,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Ef\f1\u-1279?\f0 cientprivacy-preservingbiometric identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 17th conference Network and Distributed System Security Symposium, NDSS, 2011. \par
[13] J.YuanandS.Yu,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Ef\f1\u-1279?\f0 cientprivacy-preservingbiometricidenti\f1\u-1279?\f0 cationin cloudcomputing,\f1\rdblquote\f0 inProc.ofIEEEINFOCOM2013,pp.2652-2660,2013. \par
[14] Q.Wang,S.Hu,K.Ren,etal.,\f1\ldblquote\f0 CloudBI:Practicalprivacy-preservingoutsourcing of biometric identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation in the cloud,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in European Symposium on Research in Computer Security, pp. 186-205, 2015. \par
[15] Y.Zhu,Z.WangandJ.Wang,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Collusion-resistingsecurenearestneighbor query over encrypted data in cloud,\f1\rdblquote\f0  In Quality of Service (IWQoS), 2016 IEEE/ACM 24th International Symposium on, pp. 1-6, 2016.\par
[16] S. Pan, S. Yan, and W. Zhu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Security analysis on privacy-preserving cloud aided biometric identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation schemes,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy, pp. 446-453, 2016.\par
 [17] C. Zhang, L. Zhu and C. Xu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 PTBI: An ef\f1\u-1279?\f0 cient privacy-preserving biometric identi\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation based on perturbed term in the cloud,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Information Sciences, vol. 409, pp. 56-67, 2017.\par
 [18] Y.Zhu,T.Takagi,andR.Hu,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Securityanalysisofcollusion-resistantnearestneighborqueryschemeonencryptedclouddata,\f1\rdblquote\f0 IEICETransactionson Information and Systems, vol. 97, no. 2, pp. 326-330, 2014. \par
[19] A.Jain,S.Prabhakar,L.Hong,etal.,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Filterbank-based\f1\u-1279?\f0 ngerprintmatching,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, vol. 9, no. 5, pp. 846-859, 2000.\par
 [20] H. Delfs, H. Knebl, and H. Knebl, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Introduction to cryptography,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Berlin etc.: Springer, 2002. \par
[21] K. Liu, C. Giannella, and H. Kargupta, \f1\ldblquote\f0 An attacker\f1\rquote\f0 s view of distance preservingmapsforprivacypreservingdatamining,\f1\rdblquote\f0 KnowledgeDiscovery in Databases, pp. 297-308, 2006.\par
 [22] Y. Wang, and D. Hatzinakos, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Face recognition with enhanced privacy protection,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing, pp. 885-888, 2009. \par
[23] K.Wong,andM.Kim,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Aprivacy-preservingbiometricmatchingprotocol for iris codes veri\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Third FTRA International Conference on Mobile, Ubiquitous, and Intelligent Computing (MUSIC), pp. 120-125, 2012.\par
 [24] W. Wong, D. Cheung, B. Kao B, et al., \f1\ldblquote\f0 Secure kNN computation on encrypted databases,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 2009 ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of data, pp. 139-152, 2009.\par
LIEHUANG ZHU received the Ph.D. degree in computer science from Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China, in 2004. he is currently a professor at School of Computer Science & Technology, Beijing Institute of Technology. His research interests include security protocol analysis anddesign,groupkeyexchangeprotocol,wireless sensor network, and cloud computing.\par
CHUAN ZHANG received the bachelor\f1\rquote\f0 s degree in network engineering from Dalian University of Technology, Dalian, China, in 2015. He is currently a Ph.D student in School of Computer Science and Technology at Beijing Institute of Technology. His current research interests include secure data services in cloud computing, security and privacy in VANET and big data security.\par
CHANG XU received the Ph.D. degree in computer science from Beihang University in 2013, master degree and bachelor degree in School of ComputerScienceandTechnologyinJilinUniversityin2008and2005,respectively.Sheiscurrently an assistant professor in School of Computer Science and Technology at Beijing Institute of Technology. Her research interests include security & privacy in VANET, and big data security.\par
VOLUME 4, 2016 9\par
\par
2169-3536 (c) 2018 IEEE. Translations and content mining are permitted for academic research only. Personal use is also permitted, but republication/redistribution requires IEEE permission. See {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ieee.org/publications_standards/publications/rights/index.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ieee.org/publications_standards/publications/rights/index.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  for more information.\par
XIMENG LIU (S\f1\rquote\f0 13-M\f1\rquote\f0 16) received the B.Sc. degree in electronicengineering fromXidianUniversity, Xia\f1\u731?\f0\'b4ran, China, in 2010 and Ph.D. degrees in Cryptography from Xidian University, China, in 2015. Now, he is a research fellow at School of Information System, Singapore Management University, Singapore, and Qishan Scholar in the college of mathematics and computer science, Fuzhou University. He has published over 80 research articles include IEEE TIFS, IEEE TDSC, IEEE TC, IEEE TSC and IEEE TCC. His research interests include cloud security, applied cryptography and big data security.\par
CHENG HUANG received his B.Eng. and M.Eng. from Xidian University, China, in 2013 and 2016, respectively, and was a project of\f1\u-1279?\f0 cer with the INFINITUS laboratory at the School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University until July 2016. Since September 2016, he has been a Ph.D. student with the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. His research interests are in the areas of applied cryptography, cyber security, and privacy.\par
}
 